Add SEO (#111)
OpenLiberty/guide-microprofile-jwt: README.adoc

:page-related-guides: ['rest-intro', 'cdi-intro']
:common-includes: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenLiberty/guides-common/master
:source-highlighter: prettify

> :page-seo-title: Securing Java microservices with MicroProfile JSON Web Token (MicroProfile JWT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-seo-title: Securing Java microservices with Eclipse MicroProfile JSON Web Token (MicroProfile JWT)
```

> :page-seo-description: A tutorial on how to secure Java microservices to authenticate users and control access by validating JSON Web Tokens using Eclipse MicroProfile JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-seo-description: A getting started tutorial and an example on how to secure Java microservices to authenticate users and authorize access by validating JSON Web Tokens (JWT) using Eclipse MicroProfile JWT.
```
